========== INSCCOIN 2025 ==========
PicoPub1.5 is a basic text viewer
for the PicoCalc. It lets you read
plain text files from your SD card,
one page at a time.

When you start the program, it asks
for the filename you want to read.
Type the name and press Enter. The
program will show you the first 25
lines of the file.

To see the next page, press the right
arrow key. To go back, press the left
arrow key. Press Q to quit at any
time.

How does it work?

The program first counts the number
of lines in your file. Then, for each
page, it opens the file, skips to the
right spot, and prints 25 lines.

This means it never loads the whole
file into memory, so it works even
with very large files. It only uses a
few variables and is safe for the
Pico's memory.

Use this tool to read books, notes,
or any text file you have saved.

Tested & written on the Pico 2


     Using text converter.bat

To convert a file to 30 chars/line:

Do: converter.bat input.txt output.txt

This will create output.txt with all
lines wrapped to 30 characters.